capital = 1157
primary_culture = mashriqi
culture = bedouin
culture = misri
culture = maghrebi
religion = sunni
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.2
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.6
civilized = yes


# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

oob = "/1861/ARA_oob.txt"

electricity = 1
integral_rail_system = 1
advanced_metallurgy = 1
assembly_line = 1
combustion_engine = 1
advanced_metallurgy_&_glassblowing = 1

nationalism_&_imperialism = 1
structural_functionalism = 1
mass_politics = 1
expressionism = 1
phenomenology_&_hermeneutic = 1
impressionism = 1

modern_central_bank_system = 1
bank_inspection_board = 1
organised_factories = 1

deep_defence_system = 1
pre_war_small_arms = 1
pre_war_heavy_arms = 1
chemical_arsenal = 1
military_academy = 1

great_war_experience = 1

ruling_party = ARA_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 25
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 5
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}


