capital = 809
primary_culture = bulgarian
religion = orthodox
government = hms_government
plurality = 0.08
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.4
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = landed_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = trinket_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = BUL_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 25
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 5
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/BUL_oob.txt"
}
# Kaiserreich Secondary Powers Setup

electricity = 1
integral_rail_system = 1
advanced_metallurgy = 1
assembly_line = 1
combustion_engine = 1
advanced_metallurgy_&_glassblowing = 1

nationalism_&_imperialism = 1
structural_functionalism = 1
mass_politics = 1
expressionism = 1
phenomenology_&_hermeneutic = 1
impressionism = 1

post_nelsonian_thought = 1
battleship_column_doctrine = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1

modern_central_bank_system = 1
bank_inspection_board = 1
organised_factories = 1

deep_defence_system = 1
pre_war_small_arms = 1
pre_war_heavy_arms = 1
chemical_arsenal = 1
military_academy = 1

high_seas_battle_fleet = 1
great_war_naval_doctrine = 1
steam_turbine_ships = 1
oil_driven_ships = 1
pre_war_naval_design = 1
pre_war_naval_directionism = 1
pre_war_naval_training = 1

great_war_experience = 1
