capital = 372
primary_culture = danish
culture = icelandic
religion = protestant
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.8
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.6 #Germans
civilized = yes
prestige = 5

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = low_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = low_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = DAN_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 17
	conservative = 70
	reactionary = 13
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

#corvettes = yes
commerce_raiders = yes

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "DEN_oob.txt"

1850.1.1 = {
decision = danmarks_riges_grundlov
}

1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/DEN_oob.txt"
	plurality = 60
	literacy = 0.90
	non_state_culture_literacy = 0.7 #Germans

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = landed_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

ruling_party = DAN_liberal_2

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = low_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = low_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = low_schools	
	
	
# Technologies
electricity = 1
integral_rail_system = 1
advanced_metallurgy = 1
assembly_line = 1
combustion_engine = 1
shift_work = 1
electrical_power_generation = 1
electric_furnace = 1
advanced_metallurgy_&_glassblowing = 1

psychoanalysis = 1
nationalism_&_imperialism = 1
structural_functionalism = 1
rationalism = 1
mass_politics = 1
expressionism = 1
darwinism = 1
phenomenology_&_hermeneutic = 1
behaviorism = 1
impressionism = 1

high_seas_battle_fleet = 1
great_war_naval_doctrine = 1
steam_turbine_ships = 1
oil_driven_ships = 1
pre_war_naval_design = 1
pre_war_naval_directionism = 1
pre_war_naval_training = 1

post_nelsonian_thought = 1
battleship_column_doctrine = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1

modern_central_bank_system = 1
bank_inspection_board = 1
keynesian_economics = 1
economic_responsibility = 1
organisational_development = 1
market_determined_exchange_rates = 1
international_economics = 1
organised_factories = 1
mutual_funds = 1
government_interventionism = 1

deep_defence_system = 1
hardened_field_fortification = 1
pre_war_small_arms = 1
heavy_weapons_platoon = 1
pre_war_heavy_arms = 1
great_war_heavy_arms = 1
chemical_arsenal = 1
early_aeronautics = 1
military_academy = 1

great_war_experience = 1

#Inventions

}
