capital = 425
primary_culture = french
culture = french_canadian
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.80
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.15
civilized = yes

#GreaterPowers = prestige
prestige = 70

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = no_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = only_underground

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

#corvettes = yes
commerce_raiders = yes

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

ruling_party = FRA_communist
last_election = 1834.6.21
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 0
	conservative = 0
	reactionary = 0
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 100
}

govt_flag = {
	government = hms_government
	flag = presidential_dictatorship
}

schools = culture_tech_school

oob = "FRE_oob.txt"

1936.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1936/FRA_oob.txt"
	prestige = 140
	plurality = 65
	literacy = 0.65
	non_state_culture_literacy = 0.15
	
	foreign_investment = {
	PAP = 8000
	}
	
# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = state_controlled
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties	
	
# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = twelve_hours
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools	

ruling_party = FRA_fascist
government = fascist_dictatorship
upper_house = {
	fascist = 100
	liberal = 0
	conservative = 0
	reactionary = 0
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}
	
# Technologies
electricity = 1
integral_rail_system = 1
advanced_metallurgy = 1
assembly_line = 1
combustion_engine = 1
shift_work = 1
electrical_power_generation = 1
electric_furnace = 1
advanced_metallurgy_&_glassblowing = 1

post_nelsonian_thought = 1
battleship_column_doctrine = 1
clipper_design = 1
steamers = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
fire_control_systems = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
naval_plans = 1
the_command_principle = 1
naval_professionalism = 1


psychoanalysis = 1
nationalism_&_imperialism = 1
structural_functionalism = 1
rationalism = 1
mass_politics = 1
expressionism = 1
darwinism = 1
phenomenology_&_hermeneutic = 1
behaviorism = 1
impressionism = 1

modern_central_bank_system = 1
bank_inspection_board = 1
keynesian_economics = 1
economic_responsibility = 1
organisational_development = 1
market_determined_exchange_rates = 1
international_economics = 1
organised_factories = 1
mutual_funds = 1
government_interventionism = 1

deep_defence_system = 1
hardened_field_fortification = 1
pre_war_small_arms = 1
heavy_weapons_platoon = 1
pre_war_heavy_arms = 1
great_war_heavy_arms = 1
chemical_arsenal = 1
early_aeronautics = 1
military_academy = 1

great_war_experience = 1


#Inventions

}