capital = 729
primary_culture = north_italian
religion = catholic
government = democracy
plurality = 0.1
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.4
civilized = yes


# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = landed_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = VEN_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 30
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/VEN_oob.txt"
}
1861.1.1 = {
# Kaiserreich Secondary Powers Setup

electricity = 1
integral_rail_system = 1
advanced_metallurgy = 1
assembly_line = 1
combustion_engine = 1
advanced_metallurgy_&_glassblowing = 1

post_nelsonian_thought = 1
battleship_column_doctrine = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1


nationalism_&_imperialism = 1
structural_functionalism = 1
mass_politics = 1
expressionism = 1
phenomenology_&_hermeneutic = 1
impressionism = 1

modern_central_bank_system = 1
bank_inspection_board = 1
organised_factories = 1

deep_defence_system = 1
pre_war_small_arms = 1
pre_war_heavy_arms = 1
chemical_arsenal = 1
military_academy = 1

}
