political_decisions = {
    form_spanish_commonwealth = {
	    picture = spanish_commonwealth
	    potential = {
		    OR = {
			    tag = SPC
			    tag = IBR
			    tag = SCR
			}
			NOT={exists = SCM}
		    VOP = {vassal_of = THIS}
		    VNS = {vassal_of = THIS}
		    VLP = {vassal_of = THIS}
		    VNG = {vassal_of = THIS}
			
		}
		allow = {
		    prestige = 50
			THIS = {all_core = {is_core = THIS}}
		}
		effect = {
			inherit = VNG
			inherit = VLP
			inherit = VNS
			inherit = VOP
			change_tag = SCM
			SPC = {all_core = {remove_core = SPC}}
			SCR = {all_core = {remove_core = SCR}}
		    VOP = {all_core = {add_core = THIS}}
		    VNS = {all_core = {add_core = THIS}}
		    VLP = {all_core = {add_core = THIS}}
		    VNG = {all_core = {add_core = THIS}}
add_accepted_culture = spanish
add_accepted_culture = catalan
add_accepted_culture = basque
add_accepted_culture = galician
add_accepted_culture = mexican
add_accepted_culture = mayan
add_accepted_culture = nahua
add_accepted_culture = texan
add_accepted_culture = pueblo
add_accepted_culture = dakota
add_accepted_culture = afro_caribbean
add_accepted_culture = afro_carIBRno
add_accepted_culture = central_american
add_accepted_culture = native_american_minor
add_accepted_culture = zapotec
add_accepted_culture = tarascan
add_accepted_culture = herero
add_accepted_culture = shona
add_accepted_culture = platinean
add_accepted_culture = patagonian
add_accepted_culture = guarani
add_accepted_culture = quechua
add_accepted_culture = aimara
add_accepted_culture = herero
add_accepted_culture = shona
add_accepted_culture = south_andean
add_accepted_culture = north_andean
THIS = {
				country_event = { id = 500501 days = 2 }
				
			}
		}
		ai_will_do = {
			factor = 1
		}
	}	
}
